Update tableau.md (#4326)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/tableau.md

:::

The Tableau integration allows you to use worksheets to query the Semantic Layer directly and produce your dashboards with trusted data.  

> This integration provides a live connection to the dbt Semantic Layer through Tableau Desktop. (Tableau Cloud or Tableau Server is not supported for this integration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration provides a live connection to the dbt Semantic Layer through Tableau Desktop.

## Prerequisites

1. You must have [Tableau Desktop](https://www.tableau.com/en-gb/products/desktop) installed

> 2. Authenticate in Tableau Desktop (you can authenticate with a license, or credentials used to login to Tableau Server or Online)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Log in to Tableau Desktop using either your license or the login details you use for Tableau Server or Tableau Online.
```
